.TH "EDGES" "1" "2021-09-06" "edges 2.0.2" "User Commands"
.SH NAME
edges -\ Command-line tool to set up hot-corners
.SH SYNOPSIS
\fBedges\fR [options]...
.SH DESCRIPTION
With edges you can configure hot-corners independently from your Desktop Environment
or Window Manager. The commands can be passed as arguments or read from a configuration
file.
.SH OPTIONS
.IP "\fB\--top-left\fR \fIcmd\fR"
Set the command for top left corner.
.PP
.IP "\fB\--top-right\fR \fIcmd\fR"
Set the command for top right corner.
.PP
.IP "\fB\--bottom-right\fR \fIcmd\fR"
Set the command for bottom right corner.
.PP
.IP "\fB\--bottom-left\fR \fIcmd\fR"
Set the command for bottom left corner.
.PP
.IP "\fB\--left\fR \fIcmd\fR"
Set the command for left edge.
.PP
.IP "\fB\--top\fR \fIcmd\fR"
Set the command for top edge.
.PP
.IP "\fB\--right\fR \fIcmd\fR"
Set the command for right edge.
.PP
.IP "\fB\--bottom\fR \fIcmd\fR"
Set the command for bottom edge.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-b, --no-blocking\fR"
Do not wait until an executed command exits.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-c, --use-config\fR"
Read the commands from a configuration file, see \fIFILES\fR section for details.
All commands passed as arguments will be ignored.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-h, --help\fR"
Show help message and exit.
.PP
.IP "\fB\-v, --verbose\fR"
Print the mouse position and command calls to stdout.
.PP
.IP "\fB\--version\fR"
Display the version and exit.
.SH FILES
.IP "\fB$HOME/.config/edges/edges.rc\fR"
The configuration file that is used by the \fI--use-config\fR option.
The file must be created manually.
.PP
.RS
Example:
.nf

# This is a comment
top-left = skippy-xd
top-right =
bottom-right =
bottom-left =
left =
top =
right =
bottom =

.fi
.RE
.SH MULTI MONITOR
Multi monitor support is experimental only. Do not expect it to work properly in all setups.
.SH AUTHOR
Written by Michael Straube.
.SH COPYRIGHT
GNU General Public License version 3 or later <https://www.gnu.org/licenses/>.
